T,There are at least 19 letters in the English Alphabet.
T,The square root of 144 is 12.
T,Water boils at 100 degrees celsius.
T,The capital of France is Paris.
T,The sun is a star.
T,Red is a color.
T,Pi is an irrational number.
T,A triangle's internal angles sum to 180 degrees.
T,Shakespeare wrote "Macbeth."
T,Light travels faster than sound.
F,There are 100 seconds in a minute.
F,The moon is made of cheese.
F,2 + 2 = 5.
F,Water is solid at 40 degrees fahrenheit.
F,H2O is the chemical formula for hydrogen peroxide.
F,The Earth is flat.
F,The sum of the angles in a square is 270 degrees.
F,Cats are a species of plant.
F,All prime numbers are even.
F,The English alphabet contains 40 letters.
N,Green faster than tall.
N,If then else perhaps always.
N,Disassemble harmony by numerical rain.
N,::Interpretation not available::
N,<is this text?>
N,Run!
N,Unbelievable!
N,Select option and proceed.
N,...as the stars, in silence
N,asdf123!!??
T,The human body typically has 206 bones.
T,A leap year occurs roughly every four years.
T,Venus is closer to the Sun than Earth.
T,The chemical symbol for gold is Au.
T,A right angle measures 90 degrees.
T,A dozen eggs equals twelve eggs.
T,The boiling point of water decreases at higher altitudes.
T,An isosceles triangle has two sides of equal length.
T,There are 60 minutes in an hour.
T,Carbon dioxide contains one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms.
F,Elephants are the fastest land animals.
F,A triangle can have two right angles.
F,The capital of Canada is Toronto.
F,A kilometer is shorter than a meter.
F,The Great Wall of China is visible from the moon with the naked eye.
F,Plants perform photosynthesis at night.
F,A hexagon always has eight sides.
F,Saturn is the closest planet to the Sun.
F,All mammals lay eggs.
F,The number 100 comes directly after 98.
N,Drift quietly beyond the edge of syntax.
N,When the clouds calculate, how do you subtract?
N,Beneath until sideways before.
N,Press memory until it folds.
N,<can velocity dream in reverse?>
N,Because if not, then why still green?
N,Paint the silence with transparent noise.
N,Is sideways louder than parallel thought?
N,If orange rhymes with logic, spin.
N,Whichever proximity, therefore unless.
